Patterns for Promoting PWA Installation (mobile) (#7694)
google/WebFundamentals: src/content/en/updates/2019/06/pwa-install-patterns.md

project_path: /web/_project.yaml
book_path: /web/updates/_book.yaml
description: How to promote installation of Progressive Web Apps and best practices.

{# wf_updated_on: 2019-06-04 #}
{# wf_published_on: 2019-06-04 #}
{# wf_tags: addtohomescreen,android,progressive-web-apps,install #}
{# wf_blink_components: Platform>Apps>AppLauncher>Install #}
{# wf_featured_image: /web/updates/images/generic/thumbs-up.png #}

> {# wf_featured_snippet: If your PWA has use cases where it’s helpful for a user to install your app, for example if you have users who use your app more than once a week, you should be promoting installation of your PWA within the web UI of your app. We have new recommendations on how you can promote the installation of your app. #}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{# wf_featured_snippet: If your PWA has use cases where it’s helpful for a user to install your app, for example if you have users who use your app more than once a week, you should be promoting the installation of your PWA within the web UI of your app. We have new recommendations on how you can promote the installation of your app. #}
```

> # How do I notify users my PWA is installable? {: .page-title }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How do I notify users that my PWA is installable? {: .page-title }
```

{% include "web/_shared/contributors/petelepage.html" %}

<div class="clearfix"></div>

If your PWA has use cases where it’s helpful for a user to install your app,
for example if you have users who use your app more than once a week, you

> should be promoting installation of your PWA within the web UI of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be promoting the installation of your PWA within the web UI of your app.
```

<img class="attempt-right"
     src="/web/fundamentals/app-install-banners/images/install-promo/in-feed.png">

**But how should you notify the user that your PWA can be installed?**

Check out [Patterns for Promoting PWA Installation][patterns-mobile], a series
of recommended patterns and best practices that you can use to promote the
installation of your Progressive Web App.

It includes patterns for notifying users within the core UI of your app,

> embedding it within content, or letting the browser notify the user. And,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within your app's content, or just letting the browser notify the user. And,
```
